Feat(chip, label): Add wrappers for content and actions to manage styling embedded components (#5360)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Label/examples/Label.md

| Class | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |
| `.pf-c-label` | `<span>`, `<button>` | Initiates a label. Without a color modifier, the label's default style is grey. Use a color modifier to change the label color. Use a `<button>` if the label is an overflow label used in the label group. **Required** |
| `.pf-c-label__content` | `<span>`, `<a>`, `<button>` | Creates a content wrapper. Use as an `<a>` element if the label serves as a link. Use a `<button>` if the label serves as an action. **Required** |
| `.pf-c-label__icon` | `<span>` | Initiates a label icon. |
| `.pf-c-label__text` | `<span>` | Initiates label text. |
| `.pf-c-label__editable-text` | `<button>`, `<input>` | Initiates editable label text. See the [editable](#editable) example for details about handling behavior in Javascript.|

> | `.pf-c-label__actions` | `<div>` | Creates a wrapper for label actions. **Required for removeable labels** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.pf-c-label__actions` | `<span>` | Creates a wrapper for label actions. **Required for removable labels** |
```

> | `.pf-c-button` | `.pf-c-label__actions <button>` | Initiates the button used to remove the label. |

Reviewer: same here, I don't think we need this.
